docs: suggest copy linking for GitLab integration guide (#11067)
astral-sh/uv: docs/guides/integration/gitlab.md

  UV_VERSION: 0.5
  PYTHON_VERSION: 3.12
  BASE_LAYER: bookworm-slim
  # GitLab CI creates a separate mountpoint for the build directory,

>   # so we need to copy instead of hardlinking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # so we need to copy instead of using hard links.
```

  UV_VERSION: 0.5
  PYTHON_VERSION: 3.12
  BASE_LAYER: bookworm-slim

stages:

>   - analysis

Reviewer: Can we add a comment above this suggesting why it's used?

>   - analysis

Reviewer: (Above `UV_LINK_MODE`)

>   - analysis

Author: Sure, done in [263d1e7](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv/pull/11067/commits/263d1e7fb6aa8da9a90214a508bf72842295acb7)
